SUPER_CLIENT documentation [10755] (#242)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/ros2/discovery_server/ros2_discovery_server.rst

and some create their own nodes), using Discovery Server v2 we will find that most of these functionalities are
limited and do not have all the information.

> The Discovery Server v2 functionality allows every node running as a |SUPER_CLIENT|, a kind of *Participant type* that

Reviewer: Is it not redundant to say `kind of Participant type`? If it is referring to a specific structure maybe it is better to link to the alias.

> connects to a |SERVER| and receives all the discovery information from it (instead of just what it needs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connects to a |SERVER|, to receive all the discovery information from it (instead of just what it needs).
```

I suggest this change to fix the sentence coherence.

> In this sense, ROS 2 introspection tools can be configured as *super client*, thus being able to discover every entity

Reviewer: Please, unify the style criteria. Here `super client` is in italics whereas in the next section bold is used instead.

Author: I'll leave it as bold in all the page

that is using the Discovery Server protocol within the network.

Daemon's related commands
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ROS 2 Daemon is used in several ROS 2 CLI introspection commands. It adds a ROS 2 Node to the network in order
to receive all the data sent.

> This section will explain how to use ROS 2 CLI with ROS 2 Daemon running as a **Super Client**.

Reviewer: Maybe a sentence stating that for the ROS 2 daemon to fulfill its purpose when using the Discovery Server mechanism must be configured as `Super Client`, could clarify this paragraph.

This will allow the Daemon to know all the Node's graph and to receive every topic and endpoint information.
For this purpose, Fast DDS XML configuration can be used in order to configure every new node that is created

> when this configuration is exported.

Reviewer: Please, rephrase this sentence because I am not sure what are you trying to explain here.

and some create their own nodes), using Discovery Server v2 we will find that most of these functionalities are
limited and do not have all the information.

The Discovery Server v2 functionality allows every node running as a |SUPER_CLIENT|, a kind of **Client** that
connects to a |SERVER|, from which it receives all the available discovery information (instead of just what it needs).
In this sense, ROS 2 introspection tools can be configured as **Super Client**, thus being able to discover every entity
that is using the Discovery Server protocol within the network.

Daemon's related commands
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ROS 2 Daemon is used in several ROS 2 CLI introspection commands.
It adds a ROS 2 Node to the network in order to receive all the data sent.
In order for the ROS 2 CLI to work when using Discover Server discovery mechanism, the ROS 2 Daemon needs to be
configured as **Super Client**.
Therefore, this section is devoted to explain how to use ROS 2 CLI with ROS 2 Daemon running as a **Super Client**.

> This will allow the Daemon to discovery the entire Node graph, and to receive every topic and endpoint information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will allow the Daemon to discover the entire Node graph, and to receive every topic and endpoint information.
```
